The lodge that once belonged to [[the Sage-Knight]], now occupied by [[Teresa Galmier]]. It is accessed by [[the White Door]].
# Subtle Fracture
> Last night, in the great Pavilion above the grey sprawl of the Bounds, a woman who once called herself Teresa Galmier sat on gilt-fringed cushions, and offered me a horn cup of dream-wine. 'The wine is imaginary,' she explained, 'but the cup is not. To navigate the Mansus one must understand the distinction. Perhaps one day you'll join me on [[the Pilgrimage]], or I'll join you. So here, let us share a secret -' and her breath tickled my ear.
# A Forgotten Chronicle
>Last night I visited the Lodge of the Sage Knight. My hostess manifested as an elegant woman with fashionably short hair and dark glasses. 'No,' she admits, 'I don't need them any more, any more than I need eyes. Allow me my sentimentalities. But you've come for knowledge, I expect? Here is a story I heard in my Kerisham days. You are welcome to it. Only remember me, if you come to make the Pilgrimage.'
# Glimmering
> I recall my dream. This was the Lodge of blue silk, flapping in the winds of the Bounds at the Mansus' edge, and here was its mistress, who welcomed me as she welcomes all travellers. 'Company is nice,' she confided, 'but I still miss my [[Christopher Illopoly|Christoper]]. Ten years! Ten years, and not enough. But we could not have been Long together - not without touching each other. And you know what occurs when a man-Long lies with a Long woman. Or perhaps you don't. I hope you don't. I won't tell you, just in case. I will give you a tiny gift.'
# Erudition
> In last night's dream, I was in the Lodge of the Sage Knight, behind the White Door - it is difficult to remember exactly how I came there - and the mistress of the place, the woman with the dark glasses, was nodding as if I had asked her a difficult question. Of course I hadn't. I lost my speech when I passed the White Door. 'How is it that I can speak?' she said to me. 'I didn't come here through the White Door. I'm not proud of what I did to come here. So let me tell you about something else.'
# Fascination
>Last night in the billowing blue of the Lodge of the Sage Knight, I sat on velvet cushions and watched two Dead contend with shining swords. 'They came with the place,' said the woman who rules here now, the one who once called herself Galmier. 'I was not the Sage Knight, if that's what you're wondering! He went higher in the Mansus, long before I came here.' My attention has drifted. The swords sparkle like falling water; the Dead move like dancers.
# A Favour From Authority
>Last night I dreamt of a blue silk pavilion overlooking the cloudy labyrinth of [[the Bounds]]. I listened to the mistress of the place speak of other visitors. 'The Suppression Bureau come here, did you know that? I think they hope to recruit me as an ally.' She snorts derisively. 'After what they tried to do to Christopher? But their folly is your fortune. I will tell you something that may help you, if the Bureau ever troubles you.